Fire away.
Good one.
Stumps a lot of people.
Yeah, this is a stumper.
Now this is going to be a hard question to
answer.
I feel like I should have more experience
in this than you, but I don't.
What really makes a boy a man?
You assume that they do become a man, right?
I imagine science can fine it.
I mean, at certain age I guess at that point,
but
When I was five years old, I think it was
about ten.
When I was ten, it was about thirteen, I was
a man.
I guess you could say puberty but that's not
necessarily true.
When you drive a car?
When you stop living with your parents?
I don't think it has to do much with age.
I think you can be a man at 15 years old or
you can not be a man at 40 years old.
I don't know if they ever really do.
We have a lot of grown boys acting out the
part of men.
I thought like I become a man after the army,
that's what I thought.
When he gain responsibility of self.
Probably when he experiences sex for the first
time.
When he has to take care of someone.
When he probably loses something really important
to him.
I think a boy becomes a man when he takes
the step of putting other people before himself.
When he understands what family truly means.
A boy is someone who want things for himself,
presents, gifts, stuff like that.
And a man's someone who wants the best for
his family and children and things like that.
Doesn't rely on others to do for him what
he should do for himself as a man.